BIBTEX2HTML README
---------------
Team Members: Beerend Lauwers and Frank Wijmans
GHC Version used: 7.2.1
Build dependencies: base >= 4, ansi-terminal >= 0.5, cco, uulib >= 0.9, containers >= 0.4

IMPLEMENTED FUNCTIONALITY
-------------------------
We have largely concentrated on a dual functionality of the library and a high level of modularity of the bibtex2html module.
The library provides two modes of usage, which are described in the section USAGE.
Our BibTex-checking module is very flexible, and allows for the easy adding of more checks and transformations of the BibTex datatype.
We have used a Component-oriented approach wherever possible.
Furthermore, our HTML-generating code allows for ad-hoc formatting of attribute types and arbitrary sorting of the attribute types.
The 'createEntryText' function can easily be extended to even allow for entry-specific arbitrarily sorted attributes.

We have also implemented a very basic combinator-based parser using the uulib package, and a simple but very elegant HTML pretty-printer.

USAGE
-----
For implementation details, refer to the Haddock documentation.

There are two forms of usage:

1) File Input - File Output mode:
Call bibtex2html with two parameters: a path to an input BibTex file and a path to an output HTML file.

Example: Main.exe "test.bib" "test.html" reads test.bib, parses it, checks it, outputs possible warning messages,
and generates pretty-printed HTML that is written to test.html.

2) Piped mode:
Use pipes to pass intermediate results between the individual programs and output the final result to a file.
NOTE: This mode has not been tested, but should work.

INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
-------------------------

1) File Input - File Output mode:

Install the bibtex2html package with the following commands:

runhaskell Setup configure
runhaskell Setup build

Unix / Linux:
sudo runhaskell Setup install

Windows (As Administrator):
runhaskell Setup install

To specifically build for a certain compiler, do:

runhaskell Setup configure --with-compiler=PATH_TO_GHC_BINARY --user

(other commands remain the same)

2) Piped mode:

Compile the Bib2HTML.hs, ParseBib.hs and PPHTML.hs source files with the ghc command and use them with pipes.